WILL HAVE BEEN Ving

1. | will have been written articles on different topics before you come.

2. Robert will have been reading various kinds of books on this topic.

3. They will have been playing football in that field before you reach.

4. April will have been gossiping in the coffee shop before she comes here.

5. Bob will have been studying in the library before he comes to the class.

6. We will have been shopping in that market before you come home.

7. We will have been watching a movie in the Cineplex before he comes.

8. You will have been doing housework before your calls you.

9. | will have been singing different kinds of songs before you join us.

10. | will have been attending the program before | come here.

11. Jeff will have been traveling around the world before he comes to Bangladesh.
12. They will have been playing hockey in that field before you finish you work.

13. The poet will have been writing a romantic poem before the program starts.

14. The lyricist will have been writing a realistic song for the film.

15. Will you have been going to the concert before | talk to you?

16.1 will not have been attending the meeting before | read this article.

17. Robin will have been joining us at the meeting before you complete the presentation.
18.1 will have been helping him to do the task before the class starts.

19. We will have been enjoying the musical drama before the game show starts.
20.1 will have been arranging all the necessary materials before the program starts.
21. They will have been living in Mumbai for 10 years.

22. You will have been starting your shopping since May.

23. Next year, | will have been working at this company for one year.

24. | will have been walking for three hours.

25. Jane will have been working for twelve hours, so | don’t think she will want to cook.
26. | will have been watering the plants every day; | hope they won’t die.

27. They will have been living in that house for ten years this March.

28. He will have been driving since noon, so he will need a rest.

29. They will have been studying for five hours by six o'clock.

30. Mary will have been playing golf for five hours by the time she finishes.

S555 SSIS
Bu calismanin tiim telif ve patent haklari Perfectionist English’e aittir. 1
